Clarifying some Git practices (#41)
esdc-devcop/strategy: guides/working-with-git.md

## Committing Code

Follow these simple steps:

> 1. Commit often. - As _often_ as you change a pice of code that is testable and compiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Commit often. - _Whenever_ you change a piece of code that is testable and compiles.
```
I don't know if this still conveys the same message that you were trying to pass. I just thought it was a bit more direct.
